---
layout: post
title: "2015 Year in Review"
date: 2015-12-16 19:52:32 +0000
comments: true
categories: 
---

We have reached the end of another year. 2015 has been a terrific year for us here at codebar. We have opened several new chapters, run many great events, grew our community by more than 119% and ran over a 100 workshops across our 8 active chapters. We've had an amazing time meeting all of you and building this community that we are all so fond of. Thank you for an amazing year and here's to a great 2016.

Year in number:

We have opened 5 new chapters in 2015:
Birmingham
Bournemouth
Manchester
South London
West London

We have run some amazing events, both in london and Brighton:
Kickstart Your Developer Career
Mind the Code
uncodebar
24 Pull Requests 2015

And we have taken part in some amazing initiatives:
Trans*Code
Brighton Digital Festival


We've run a whopping 137 workshops across all of our chapters. Of those 137, 50 took place in our Central London and 50 in our Brighton chapter. Here's the number of workshops broken down by chapters:

Birmingham: 7
Bournemouth: 5
Brighton: 50
Cambridge: 12
London: 50
Manchester: 2
South London: 5
West London: 5

Since starting codebar in October 2013 we have run 223 workshops!

Number of subscribers per chapter:
Brighton: 481
London: 1537
South London: 292
Birmingham: 61
Cambridge: 157
Manchester: 58
West London: 209
Bournemouth: 45
Belfast: 34


People who RSVP'd to workshops this year by chapter:
Birmingham: 46
Bournemouth: 69
Brighton: 1512
Cambridge: 144
London: 2825
Manchester: 16
S London: 138
W London: 184

Total: 4934

In total, over 3 years, 7914 people have RSVP'd across all codebars